"# 1: USE POLITICAL SOURCE TO PROVIDE VOTERS."
We were left six weeks before the General Elections in the UK, which means we are in "purdah" ("curtain").
Unless it is absolutely critical, people in leadership, whether national or local,
are not allowed to announce any new law,
sign large new contracts, or do something official
which can be seen as an attempt to use their power to unduly influence the election.
It is not that much will do something: the Parliament was already scattered,
that they all go out and campaign. By the way...
"# 2: SAVE MUCH MONEY."
The rules are complicated and depend on the size of the area where you are campaigning,
but from now on until the election day, every individual candidate can spend no more
than about £ 15,000 (~ 17,000 €, 2 million Lek) throughout their campaign. There is nothing to talk about:
this is in everything. Each penny must be numbered, traced and billed,
and if it exceeds, you may be disqualified even after the elections.
And all the tricks and tricks you are thinking of to pass around it?
The law covers most of them with a comprehensive clause saying that a "sincere assessment" should be made.
Political parties also have a limit on their national campaign budget,
which is about 20 million pounds (22 million euros, 3 billion leke) over the entire country.
Sounds like much, but as a comparison: The recent US elections cost $ 6 billion ($ 5.07 billion, £ 680 trillion).
But sticking to this is not as difficult as you think, because ...
"# 3: ADVERTISING ON TELEVISION."
The United Kingdom has never allowed political advertising on television.
The parties are given a small amount of free time in large channels,
but almost everyone stops hearing the phrase,
"Now, an Election Spot sponsored by ..."
This year, however, the parties realized that they could put online attack advertisements instead,
and then use their limited budget to direct these ads only to people
living in marginal areas - the seas, for Americans there.
If you live in one of them, you may have seen one of these ads before this video.
So okay, the parties can not advertise on television,
but they certainly got the experts in the news arguing for them, right?
"# 4: LEARNING SUBJECT TO TELEVISION."
News on television should be - yes, just right and balanced. By law.
In general, the BBC receives an equal amount of complaints from all sides,
and then they think that they have done their job more or less well.
However, newspapers have no such limitations,
and the tabloids have been quite happy to use that influence in the past.
"# 5: CREAMING HUMANS."
I swear it's so called. This is how it works:
go to a retirement home, and by self-confidence, bribery, or threat,
receives access to or by mail of the residents,
or rename them as their intercessor voter, to vote under their own name.
Surprisingly, this has only been illegal since 2006.
"# 6: TAKE THE RESULT."
How do I break a score? Well, mail votes are sometimes opened for verification
with days before polls are closed. No reason why not, this will not change the result
as long as they remain secret. And no one does anything crazy like,
oh I do not know, to post what she has seen. Bravo there, current member of Parliament.
She wiped it off as soon as possible, accepted it, and was given a formal warning by the police.
And finally:
"# 7: DO NOT MAKE POSTERS AFTER CAMPAIGN."
Anyone who has put up the posters or puts some temporary signs in their garden:
they should be sure to be removed within two weeks.
If it looks like the last time, we may not even have a government there by then,
but at least those of us who live far from Westminster will not be constantly reminded.
[Translated by GumballFallsFan]